1) What are desired User actions?
    forgot / recover password?
        * store sha-512 hash of pw with salt added in be to compare w/ for logins
        * when user creates account / logs in send them back the db id for that person as their "token"? (maybe JWT better? Could add expiration?)
        * if user forgets password, send recovery "code" (6 digits or so) to their email and have them enter it (will have to create temporary database entry with id and recovery to compare I guess)
        * user inputs recovery code and new password, if it matches override old password in db with new password and log user in.
    validate user emails on login?


2) What are desired Admin action?
    ie show all users who haven't submitted in last 'x' amount of time?
    show users with less than 'x' submissions?
    Monitor users,
    show data visualizations...? Maybe per activity type show durations x by utc time?


Features / issues:
1) Have login and activities screen show loading screen until back-end wakes up when it is not awake. Tell users it can take several minutes, have front-end just keep trying when it gets the failed connection error back from backend (TODO specifically identify that error) so that user just has to watch loading screen / do something else and doesn't have to repeatedly attempt entry. 


different navy workers over 9 months. We want to monitor how these "design" activities work. Users will come and go throughout project (won't be here for entire 9 months) Users involved will fil it in potentialy bi-weekly. 

- Maybe make users specify the time period they are entering for somehow? like select the dates?

- make tasks[1] case 2 a select instead of a text area?

TODO Tuesday April 30th:
1) fix the following FE items:

    Want to capture what they are doing in sequential order. IE what did they do Monday? 
    (Does  the sequential order matter within a measurement period? (not sure about overlap)). 
    Use new questions from Prof. 

    wake up database IMMEDIATELY on opening website. - then switch to vt mysql 

2) write backend functions to write personal info and records to db, and retreive all records from db, and check login matches (don't recover pw for now)

3) deploy new front-end